README.md, before:

# Timeline.js

A compact JavaScript animation library with a GUI timeline for fast editing.

Check it out in this example: http://vorg.github.com/timeline.js/examples/cssAnimation.html

More on the project website: http://marcinignac.com/blog/timeline-js/

Created by Marcin Ignac

![Timeline](http://vorg.github.com/timeline.js/screenshots/timeline.png)

### Usage:

### 1. Animation

    <script type="text/javascript" src="timeline/timeline.js"></script>

    anim(target).to(delay, {property:value,...}, duration, easing);

After specifying the target using anim() you can chain as many to()
animations as you want. To start parallel track simply call
anim() on the same target again.

### 1.1 Basic example

Animate x property of the sprite object to 100 over 1s using
quadratic easing. Then wait 5s and animate it back to 0 over 2s

    anim(sprite).to({x:100}, 1, Timeline.Easing.Quadratic.EaseIn).to(5, {x:0}, 2);

### 1.2 Example of parallel animations

Animate width and height of the rect object to 50 and 75 over 3s.
At the same time animate opacity to 0 over 4s.

    anim(rect).to({width:50, height:75}, 3);
    anim(rect).to({opacity:0}, 4);

### 2. Timeline GUI

    <script type="text/javascript" src="timeline/gui.js"></script>

    anim(targetName, target).to(delay, {property:value,...}, duration, easing);

Adding gui.js script to the page will open a timeline panel on the
bottom of the page if any animation was added before first frame. One
track for every animated property will be created. Click and drag to
edit key frames, double click to add new frames. Press export button
(tree horizontal lines) to export code you can then copy paste in
your scrip	.

In this case we have to specify targetName in anim() that will be
used when we export the code from the timeline GUI. For each property
used in to() call there will be an animation track created. Animation
data is stored in localStorage and shared between sessions so
refreshing the page and adding new properties and objects to be
animated is possible. When an animation track exists in localStorage
all to() calls modifying this property are ignored.


### 2.1 Example

    anim("rect", rect).to({x:rect.x, y:rect.y});

Add the rect object and it's x and y properties to animation and use
their default values. Target name should be always exactly the same as
variable name.

### 3. Node.js

First install the `timeline-js` package from npm

    npm install timeline-js

And then

    var timeline = require('timeline-js');
    var Timeline = timeline.Timeline;
    var anim = timeline.anim;

    anim(target).to(delay, {property:value,...}, duration, easing);

Commit message:

Bootstrap Compatibility
The editor is no longer bound to the bottom of the page, but can be
added to any div on the page.  Dynamic sizing is demonstated through
button actions, as well as the ability to clear localStorage.

It also has a json viewer to see all the settings used to create the
timeline, which could then be saved to a database.

README.md, after:

# Timeline.js

A compact JavaScript animation library with a GUI timeline for fast editing.

Check it out in this example: http://vorg.github.com/timeline.js/examples/cssAnimation.html

More on the project website: http://marcinignac.com/blog/timeline-js/

Created by Marcin Ignac

![Timeline](http://vorg.github.com/timeline.js/screenshots/timeline.png)

### Usage:

### 1. Animation

    <script type="text/javascript" src="timeline/timeline.js"></script>

    anim(target).to(delay, {property:value,...}, duration, easing);

After specifying the target using anim() you can chain as many to()
animations as you want. To start parallel track simply call
anim() on the same target again.

### 1.1 Basic example

Animate x property of the sprite object to 100 over 1s using
quadratic easing. Then wait 5s and animate it back to 0 over 2s

    anim(sprite).to({x:100}, 1, Timeline.Easing.Quadratic.EaseIn).to(5, {x:0}, 2);

### 1.2 Example of parallel animations

Animate width and height of the rect object to 50 and 75 over 3s.
At the same time animate opacity to 0 over 4s.

    anim(rect).to({width:50, height:75}, 3);
    anim(rect).to({opacity:0}, 4);

### 2. Timeline GUI

Check the example page at "/examples/cssAnimationEditor.html.

    <script type="text/javascript" src="timeline/gui.js"></script>

    anim(targetName, target).to(delay, {property:value,...}, duration, easing);

Adding the gui.js script to the page will open a timeline panel to a div 
defined in the timeline-gui.js as 'timelineTarget' if any animation 
was added before first frame. 

One track for every animated property will be created. Click and drag to
edit key frames, double click to add new frames. Press export button
(tree horizontal lines) to export code you can then copy paste in
your script.

In this case we have to specify targetName in anim() that will be
used when we export the code from the timeline GUI. For each property
used in to() call there will be an animation track created. Animation
data is stored in localStorage and shared between sessions so
refreshing the page and adding new properties and objects to be
animated is possible. When an animation track exists in localStorage
all to() calls modifying this property are ignored.


### 2.1 Example

    anim("rect", rect).to({x:rect.x, y:rect.y});

Add the rect object and it's x and y properties to animation and use
their default values. Target name should be always exactly the same as
variable name.
